feat: add support for Schema::increments (#175)
colopl/laravel-spanner: README.md

## Limitations

### Eloquent
If you use interleaved keys, you MUST define them in the `interleaveKeys` property or you won't be able to save. For more detailed instructions, see `Colopl\Spanner\Tests\Eloquent\ModelTest`.

## Additional Information

### Migrations

Since Cloud Spanner does not support AUTO_INCREMENT attribute, `Blueprint::increments` (and all of its variants) will 

> create a column of type `STRING(36) DEFAULT (GENERATE_UUID())` to generate and fill the column with a UUID.

Author: ```suggestion
create a column of type `STRING(36) DEFAULT (GENERATE_UUID())` (set as primary key) to generate and fill the column with a UUID.
```

> create a column of type `STRING(36) DEFAULT (GENERATE_UUID())` (set as primary key) to generate and fill the column with a UUID.

Author: ```suggestion
create a column of type `STRING(36) DEFAULT (GENERATE_UUID())` to generate and fill the column with a UUID
and flag it as a primary key.
```
